CTOR-542 : Plugin(os::linux::snmp) - Mode(memory) : Issue in case very big memory size (#3638)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/operatingsystems-linux-snmpv3.md

### Using a host template provided by the connector

1. Log into Centreon and add a new host through **Configuration > Hosts**.
2. Fill in the **Name**, **Alias** & **IP Address/DNS** fields according to your resource's settings.
3. Apply the **OS-Linux-SNMPv3-custom** template to the host. A list of macros appears. Macros allow you to define how the connector will connect to the resource, and to customize the connector's behavior.
4. Fill in the macros you want. Some macros are mandatory.

| Macro                | Description                                                                                                                              | Default value                         | Mandatory   |
|:---------------------|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:--------------------------------------|:-----------:|
| SNMPV3USERNAME       | SNMP v3 only: User name (securityName)                                                                                                   |                                       |             |

> | SNMPV3AUTHPROTOCOL   | SNMP v3 only: Authentication protocol: MD5\| SHA. Since net-snmp 5.9.1: SHA224\|SHA256\|SHA384\|SHA512                                                                |                   |             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| SNMPV3AUTHPROTOCOL   | SNMP v3 only: Authentication protocol: MD5\|SHA. Since net-snmp 5.9.1: SHA224\|SHA256\|SHA384\|SHA512                                                                |                   |             |
```

> | SNMPV3PRIVPROTOCOL   | SNMP v3 only: Privacy protocol (privProtocol) used to encrypt messages. Supported protocols are: DES\| AES and since net-snmp 5.9.1: AES192\|AES192C\|AES256\|AES256C |                   |             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| SNMPV3PRIVPROTOCOL   | SNMP v3 only: Privacy protocol (privProtocol) used to encrypt messages. Supported protocols are: DES\|AES and since net-snmp 5.9.1: AES192\|AES192C\|AES256\|AES256C |                   |             |
```

| --speed-out                                     | Set interface speed for outgoing traffic (in Mb).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| --map-speed-dsl                                 | Get interface speed configuration for interfaces of type 'ADSL' and 'VDSL2'.  Syntax: --map-speed-dsl=interface-src-name,interface-dsl-name  E.g: --map-speed-dsl=Et0.835,Et0-vdsl2                                                                                                        |
| --force-counters64                              | Force to use 64 bits counters only. Can be used to improve performance.                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

> | --force-counters32                              | Force to use 32-bits counters (even with SNMP versions 2c and 3). To use when 64 bits counters are buggy.                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| --force-counters32                              | Force to use 32-bit counters (even in snmp v2c and v3). Should be used when 64-bit counters are buggy.                                                                                                                                                                               |
```

|:------------------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| --oid             | Override default OID.                                                                                               |
| --warning-offset  | Time offset warning threshold (in seconds).                                                                         |
| --critical-offset | Time offset critical Threshold (in seconds).                                                                        |

> | --ntp-hostname    | Set the ntp hostname (if not set, localtime is used).                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| --ntp-hostname    | Set the NTP server's hostname (if not set, local time is used)                                                         |
```

> | --ntp-port        | Set the ntp port (default: 123).                                                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| --ntp-port        | Define the port of the NTP server (default: 123).                                                                                    |
```

> | --timezone        | Set the timezone of distant server. For Windows, you need to set it. Can use format: 'Europe/London' or '+0100'.    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| --timezone        | Set the timezone of the distant server. For Windows, you need to set it. Can use format: 'Europe/London' or '+0100'.    |
```
